素材goods
AI PICT
効果音ラボ
甘茶の音楽工房

わけわけプレゼント

おはなし
クリスマス前のサンタクロースの家。サンタクロースとトナカイはプレゼントの仕分けで大忙しです。
あなたはサンタクロースに頼まれて、プレゼントの仕分けを手伝うことになりました。
どんどんプレゼントを仕分けしていこう！

あそびかた
おもちゃの種類、数、プレゼントボックスの色の三つの情報がお題として出されます。
お題の通りにおもちゃをドラッグアンドドロップして、プレゼントボックスに入れよう！
おもちゃをすべて入れられたら、プレゼントボックスがラッピングされて、サンタクロースが喜ぶよ！
制限時間は60秒。
制限時間内でできるだけたくさんのプレゼントを仕分けしよう。

結果画面
正解数≦15
サンタクロースとトナカイは、あなたに手伝ってもらえて喜んでいます。
サンタクロースはあなたに「君ならもっとできる。また手伝ってくれないかい？」と、キラキラした目で言いました。
トナカイも「頑張って！」という顔をしています。
あなたはまた頑張ることにしました。
もう少しで素敵なクリスマスを迎えられそうですね。

15<正解数≦25
サンタクロースとトナカイは、あなたに手伝ってもらえて「とても助かったよ！」と喜んでいます。
サンタクロースはあなたに「思った通りだ、君に頼んでよかった」と、優しい目で言いました。
トナカイはすっかりあなたと仲良くなり、ニンジンがほしいという顔をしています。
あなたはサンタクロースとトナカイの顔を見て、手伝ってよかったと思いました。
そして、もう少し頑張っても良いかなと思いました。
素敵なクリスマスを迎えられそうです。

25<正解数
サンタクロースとトナカイは、あなたに手伝ってもらえて「とても助かったよ！　君がこんなにも仕事が速いなんて！」と感激しています。
サンタクロースはあなたに「君は想像以上だ、君に頼んで本当によかった」と、嬉し涙を流しながら言いました。
実はサンタクロースは、プレゼントの仕分けに本当に苦労していました。
ですが、プレゼントをお願いするかわいいよいこたちのためには、何としてでもクリスマスまでにプレゼントを仕分けしないといけないと思っていたのです。
サンタクロースは何度もあなたに感謝し、なんとお土産にお菓子とプレゼントまでくれました！
トナカイは、サンタクロースの機嫌が良いとたくさんニンジンをもらえると思い、鼻歌を歌っています。
あなたはサンタクロースとトナカイの様子を見て、本当に手伝ってよかったと思いました。お土産ももらえたし、こちらまで幸せになりました。
これで素敵なクリスマスになること間違いなしです！

Gift Sorter

Story
It’s just before Christmas at Santa Claus’s house. Santa and his reindeer are very busy sorting all the presents.
You’ve been asked by Santa to help with the sorting.
Let’s start organizing the presents one after another!

How to Play
You will be given three pieces of information as a task: the type of toy, the number of toys, and the color of the present box.
Drag and drop the toys according to the task and place them into the present box!
Once you’ve placed all the toys inside, the present box will be wrapped, and Santa will be delighted!
The time limit is 60 seconds.
Let’s sort as many presents as we can within the time limit.

result

Santa Claus and his reindeer are delighted that you helped them.
Santa Claus looked at you with sparkling eyes and said,
“You can do even more. Will you help me again?”
The reindeer also looks at you with a face that says, “You can do it!”
You decided to keep doing your best.
It looks like you’ll be able to have a wonderful Christmas soon.

Santa Claus and his reindeer are very happy that you helped them, saying,
“You really saved us!”
Santa Claus looked at you with gentle eyes and said,
“Just as I thought. I’m glad I asked you.”
The reindeer has become good friends with you and looks like he wants a carrot.
Seeing their faces, you felt truly glad you helped them.
And you thought that you wouldn’t mind working a little harder.
It seems you’ll be able to have a wonderful Christmas.

Santa Claus and his reindeer are deeply moved that you helped them, saying,
“You really saved us! I can’t believe how fast you work!”
Santa Claus, with tears of joy in his eyes, said,
“You exceeded my expectations. I’m truly glad I asked you.”
In fact, Santa Claus had been struggling a lot with sorting the presents.
But for the good children who were wishing for those gifts, he knew he absolutely had to get everything sorted before Christmas.
Santa thanked you many times, and even gave you some sweets and a present as a souvenir!
The reindeer is humming a tune, thinking he’ll get lots of carrots when Santa is in such a good mood.
Watching Santa and the reindeer, you felt truly glad that you helped them.
You even got souvenirs, and their happiness made you feel happy too.
There’s no doubt this will be a wonderful Christmas!